updated setup page (#717)
skyportal/skyportal: doc/setup.md

1. Install dependencies

```

> sudo apt install nginx supervisor postgresql libpq-dev nodejs

Reviewer: I think removing nodejs here is not correct.  See https://github.com/skyportal/skyportal/blob/master/.github/workflows/test.yml#L80

Author: I'm not sure what the reference means, but I tested it on a new install of Ubuntu 20 and it works without specifying nodejs. 

I think what happens is that npm install it.

Author: I tested this line on a fresh install of Ubuntu 20, and everything works.

Author: @stefanv what do you say? can we merge this?

- Extract the binary to somewhere on your path
- Ensure it runs with `geckodriver --version`

> 4. make the dependencies using

Reviewer: This is done automatically upon first launch of skyportal.

Author: Ok I will remove it.

```
make dependencies
```

## Launch

1. Initialize the database with `make db_init` (this only needs to
   happen once).
2. Copy `config.yaml.defaults` to `config.yaml`.
3. Run `make log` to monitor the service and, in a separate window, `make run` to start the server.

> 4. Direct your browser to http://localhost:5000. Login to SkyPortal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Direct your browser to `http://localhost:5000`. Log in to SkyPortal (by default, you are in debug mode and no password will be required).
```

5. If you want some test data to play with, run `make load_demo_data` (do this while the server is running!).

> 6. Change users by navigating to localhost:5000/become_user/<#> where # is a number from 1-5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Change users by navigating to `http://localhost:5000/become_user/<#>` where # is a number from 1-5.
```

Should we just make the default user have access to the demo data?

   Different users have different privileges and can see more or less of the demo data.

## Troubleshooting

If you have trouble getting the demo data try doing

```make db_clear && make db_init && make run```

> and then, after logging in, from a different window, do `make load_demo_data`.

Reviewer: I don't think logging in is a prerequisite.

Author: I am not 100% sure but I think that if you don't log in at all it will complain about not having tokens and it fails to load the demo data.

Reviewer: Can you confirm this?  I've never seen this issue.  The tokens are generated upon app startup.

Author: Actually I just checked again and you are right, there is no need to login.

> You should be able to log in as testadmin rather than testuser.

Reviewer: Not sure what this instruction is meant to tell the reader.

Author: Ok I'm not sure either. Will remove it...
